README.md, before:


# rusticua

A simple web app to help learning ukrainian language through some simple gamificated challenges, written in Rust

### Roadmap

`rusticua` should be as barebone as possible, but still meeting minimum polishness standards

At the moment the only challage under development is a cyrillic memory-game, but more challenges will be added in the future

- [UNDER DEVELOPMENT] cyrillic-latin memory-game
- [TODO] words memory-game
- [TODO] words association game
- [TODO] common phrases translation


## Usage/Examples

clone this repo `cd` into it and use `cargo-watch` to run it

install `cargo-watch`

```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
```

run the app

```bash
cargo watch -x run
```

now a local server should be running and your app visible locally at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/)

## License

[GPL-3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)


## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

Feel free to open an issue or submit a PR


## Authors
written with rusty 💛️💙️ by Tanque

- [@TheShooter89](https://www.github.com/TheShooter89)


## `rusticua` Stands With Ukraine 🇺🇦️

    "Freedom doesn't come cheap"

`rusticua` stands with people of Ukraine in their fight against the brutal russian aggression and unrightful occupation of their homeland

`rusticua` stands with people of Ukraine in their fight for **Freedom**, for **Peace**, for **Self-Determination**, for **Happiness**

`rusticua` stands with this generation of young ukrainians robbed away of their youth by the war, who will have to find the strength to get up once again and rebuild from the rubbles

####

_By your side, for as long as it takes_ 💪️

        Slava Ukraini 🇺🇦️

### Donate

Please contribute and donate through official government channels or globally-know remarkable institutions:

- **UNITED24**: Institutinal fundraising, charity and media platform of Ukrainian Government. It's possible to donate for food, medicine, medical assistance, refugees support and more

    [U24 official site](https://u24.gov.ua/)

- **Medecins Sans Frontieres**: Life-saving medical assistance both in war and peace time, all over the world

    [MSF official site](https://www.msf.org/ukraine)

- **Protect A Volunteer**: Independent matching platform to support a Volunteer on the frontline
    
    [Protect a Volunteer site](https://protectavolunteer.com/)

---


    humans die, but *ideas* are bulletproof
    🇺🇦️ ️🇪🇺️ 🏳️‍🌈️

Commit message:

(#3) rewrite(project): remove app files and update README to reflect the pivot to the new stack

README.md, after:


# rusticua

A simple web app to help learning ukrainian language through some simple gamificated challenges, written in Rust

### Roadmap

`rusticua` should be as simple as possible, but still meeting minimum polishness standards

#### Stack

For this reason, it has been decided to leverage below stack:

`leptos`: main webframework for frontend SPA
<br>
`actix`: simple webserver framework to serve both `API` and `frontend`
<br>
`htmx`: ultra-modern `HTML` extension to write almost natively reactive `html` elements

#### Challenges

At the moment the only challenge under development is a cyrillic memory-game, but more challenges will be added in the future

- [UNDER DEVELOPMENT] cyrillic-latin memory-game
- [TODO] words memory-game
- [TODO] words association game
- [TODO] common phrases translation


## Usage/Examples

clone this repo `cd` into it and use `cargo-watch` to run it

install `cargo-watch`

```bash
cargo install cargo-watch
```

run the app

```bash
cargo watch -x run
```

now a local server should be running and your app visible locally at [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/)

## License

[GPL-3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)


## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

Feel free to open an issue or submit a PR


## Authors
written with rusty 💛️💙️ by Tanque

- [@TheShooter89](https://www.github.com/TheShooter89)


## `rusticua` Stands With Ukraine 🇺🇦️

    "Freedom doesn't come cheap"

`rusticua` stands with people of Ukraine in their fight against the brutal russian aggression and unrightful occupation of their homeland

`rusticua` stands with people of Ukraine in their fight for **Freedom**, for **Peace**, for **Self-Determination**, for **Happiness**

`rusticua` stands with this generation of young ukrainians robbed away of their youth by the war, who will have to find the strength to get up once again and rebuild from the rubbles

####

_By your side, for as long as it takes_ 💪️

        Slava Ukraini 🇺🇦️

### Donate

Please contribute and donate through official government channels or globally-know remarkable institutions:

- **UNITED24**: Institutinal fundraising, charity and media platform of Ukrainian Government. It's possible to donate for food, medicine, medical assistance, refugees support and more

    [U24 official site](https://u24.gov.ua/)

- **Medecins Sans Frontieres**: Life-saving medical assistance both in war and peace time, all over the world

    [MSF official site](https://www.msf.org/ukraine)

- **Protect A Volunteer**: Independent matching platform to support a Volunteer on the frontline
    
    [Protect a Volunteer site](https://protectavolunteer.com/)

---


    humans die, but *ideas* are bulletproof
    🇺🇦️ ️🇪🇺️ 🏳️‍🌈️
